== README


*Challenge*
Create a Ruby on Rails application that displays a list of each users’ contact information. Features must include:
* The ability to search
* The search feature must be able to search by name, address, or phone
number
* The ability to display all information for a single user
User Interface
Below is a simple example of what we expect the user interface to look like. This should be a one page web application that can search and display user information in a clean manner.
￼
Data Source
Please use the data in the included JSON file.
Requirements
* The application should store all data in a MySQL database
* If you’d like, you may use the following libraries for CSS & Javascript: jQuery,
Bootstrap, and Foundation. Feel free to use RubyGems at your discretion, but be
prepared to justify their use.
* Solution should be written in Ruby on Rails (3 or 4 is fine)
* Site must be responsive (must look good on phone, tablet, desktop, etc.)
* UI Mockups are meant to be used more as a guideline than a final design. Feel
free to make design improvements.
* Please host this and send us the URL (google developers or heroku are both fine
choices)
Bonus
Bonus points for:
keeping security in mind when making your decisions
test coverage

*Solution*
I deployed the app on heroku free tier so it may take a few seconds for the dyno to wake up the first time you access.
https://fathomless-earth-3533.herokuapp.com/

Features:
* Support sqlite3 for local and posgres for production
* Case insensitive search 
* Query is sql injection safe
* Rails build in ajax updating search result and pagination
* Loading spinner
* UI design capable of viewing multiple user info (compare to 1 detailed result for the suggested design). 
* Normalized phone number format for easer search
* Responsive design with Bootstrap + little bit of custom CSS to make pagination responsive
* Rspec model unit test for the search method
